Expand If_and_only_if in `execute_payload` (#2633)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/merge/beacon-chain.md

```python
def execute_payload(self: ExecutionEngine, execution_payload: ExecutionPayload) -> bool:
    """

>     Returns ``True`` if ``execution_payload`` is valid with respect to ``self.execution_state``.

Reviewer: This is not a typo, see https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/pull/2472/files#r649255103
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If_and_only_if

Reviewer: It seems many people were confused. Maybe we can just use the full "if and only if".
```suggestion
    Return ``True`` if and only if ``execution_payload`` is valid with respect to ``self.execution_state``.
```
